IBX-5808 - Improve "Products" to remove ambiguity (#248)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/pim/work_with_product_variants.md

# Work with product variants

With product variants you can have multiple versions of one product, differing in some characteristics.

> Typical examples are a t-shirt in different colors, or a laptop with different hard disk sizes.

Author: ```suggestion
Typical examples would be a t-shirt in different sizes and colors, or the same model of laptop with different hard disk sizes.
```
